Arcanna.AI remove Arcanna.Event output_prefix since it is redundant (#37282)
demisto/content: Packs/Arcanna/ReleaseNotes/1_2_2.md

#### Integrations
##### Arcanna.AI

> - Fixed context data fields in the ***arcanna-get-event-status*** command results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed context data fields in the ***arcanna-get-event-status*** command results.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.11.10.116439*.
```

> - Fixed context data where the `arcanna-get-event-status` command was adding an extra `Arcanna.Event`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed context data fields in the ***arcanna-get-event-status*** command results.
```
